docs: ENSAnalytics (#2152)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/services/index.mdx

    <img slot="icon" src={ENSRainbow3DImage.src} alt="" aria-hidden="true" class="scale-175 w-[125px] sm:w-[150px] lg:w-[175px] h-auto aspect-square max-sm:overflow-hidden" />
  </ENSNodeServiceCard>

>   <ENSNodeServiceCard title="ENSAnalytics" href="/docs/services/ensanalytics" description="Our vision for an analytics engine on ENS — cohorts, behavior, and policy insights on top of ENSDb." />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <ENSNodeServiceCard title="ENSAnalytics" href="/docs/services/ensanalytics" description="Unlock strong data-based decision making in the ENS DAO about what's really driving ENS growth and engagement — cohorts, behavior, and policy insights on top of ENSDb." />
```
